feat: add support for excluding nodes (#7)
worksome/pest-graphql-coverage: README.md

```

### Changing default schema fetching command

By default, it will fetch the schema using `php artisan lighthouse:print-schema`, however if you have a
custom command for fetching the schema, that can be used instead by adding `--schema-command` argument

```bash
php artisan test --gql-coverage --schema-command="php artisan lighthouse:print-schema-v2"
```

### Excluding nodes from total coverage

By default, all nodes will be included when calculating coverage. However, if you have nodes such as the built-in

> Lighthouse pagination types that you do not want to be covered, you can disable these from your Pest configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lighthouse pagination types that you do not want to be covered, you can configure ignored fields from your Pest.php configuration file.
```
